update: Note location of Proton VPN Android telemetry (#3000)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/vpn.md

Author: Test

Proton VPN has published [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1437005085) and [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ch.protonvpn.android) clients, both supporting an easy-to-use interface as opposed to requiring you to manually configure your WireGuard connection. The Android client is also available on [GitHub](https://github.com/ProtonVPN/android-app/releases).

<div class="admonition warning" markdown>
<p class="admonition-title">How to opt out of sharing telemetry</p>

> On Android, Proton hides telemetry settings under the misleadingly labeled "**Help us fight censorship**" menu in the settings panel. On other platforms these settings can be found under the "**Usage statistics**" menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Android, Proton hides telemetry settings under the misleadingly labeled "**Help us fight censorship**" menu in the settings panel. On iOS, these settings can be found under the "**Usage statistics**" menu.
```

Author: My reasoning is that it is labeled "usage statistics" on all platforms including desktop, but this warning was placed in the mobile clients subcategory because it is an Android-specific warning.
